## Preparation & Get together (Kata 0)

A **lernOS learning path** is a **compilation of katas** (exercises) with which you can learn new skills and develop a new learning attitude (mindset) over time. A learning path can be completed within a **learnOS sprint** (13 weeks). We recommend doing **one kata per week** if you can complete the guide in 12 weeks. However, it is also possible to go through the kata in a different way or to use them in a more modular way.

### Task: Clarify the framework conditions
**Week 0** is the week before you really get started with the exercises in the learning path. At the end of week 0, the following things should be determined:

1. whether you will learn alone, in tandem or in a circle
2. which tools you will use for self-organisation (e.g. a video conferencing tool for Tandem or Circle and a OneNote for documentation)
3. for Tandem and Circle: on which dates and at what frequency the meetings take place (recommendation: 1 hour per week)
4. when you have reserved some additional learning time in your calendar (recommendation: 1-2 hours per week).
5. for Tandem and Circle: Whether you go through the katas before your meetings and discuss them in the meeting or only complete them in your weekly meetings.

### Task: Get to know each other and talk about your expectations!
The most important task in the first week is to get to know each other better. Therefore, introduce yourselves to each other and talk about your expectations of the group and your learning journey. 

**Tip:** If someone in your group is already using an AI tool, ask the AI which icebreakers they would recommend for your situation to get to know each other.

You can use these questions as starters:

- What does AI mean to you personally?
- What expectations do you have of the learning path?
- How do you notice that participation in the learning path was successful for you?
- How much previous experience does each of you have with the topic?
