## Create awareness (Kata 1)

In this kata, you will lay the **foundations for working with artificial intelligence**. One focus is on the question of what responsible use of AI looks like for you and what framework conditions exist for this in your context (e.g. school, university, company).

Read through the section from the chapter *AI & Society* and think about what a responsible use of AI systems could look like.
### Task: What can actually happen?
Think about how AI systems work and then answer the following questions:
- What types of inputs and outputs are common in AI platforms and tools?
- Think about what data (generative) AIs can use for processes such as training.
- What would be threat scenarios that could arise for your organisation/workplace from irresponsible use of AI platforms?

### Task: Determine the framework conditions for the use of AI

In order to organise the use of AI systems in your company effectively and responsibly, it is important that you first familiarise yourself with the company-specific requirements and guidelines. You can usually find this information on your company's intranet. Make sure that you always keep an eye on the guidelines relevant to you to ensure that you implement them in your daily work environment. If certain katas in this guide cannot be implemented in your company, it is advisable that you independently think of alternative tasks that comply with your company's guidelines.

If your company does not yet have a framework, here are a few general recommendations:

- **Permitted platforms:** Find out which websites and AI platforms are permitted to be used in your company. Some companies only allow selected platforms. Also consider whether you are allowed to register on AI platforms with your work contact details.
- **Confidential data:** Most companies have critical company data, the unwanted publication of which would pose a high risk. Therefore, always pay attention to which data you are allowed to enter on which AI platform.
- **Personal data:** Also consider the risks posed by personal data. Data protection laws and company regulations usually stipulate that personal data may only be entered into systems that have been authorised for this purpose.
- **Terms of use & third-party rights:** Pay attention to the terms of use, but also to copyright and third-party rights. Generative AI may harbour the risk of creating copyrighted content.
- **Check outputs:** The outputs of AI platforms are based on probabilities and are therefore not reliable. Therefore, check the results carefully before you use them for yourself or your work.
- **No illegal use:** Although most AI platforms have good security mechanisms, in certain cases it is possible to use them to create dangerous or illegal content such as malicious code. Therefore, only use AI systems within the permitted framework. Even if it is tempting, especially in a business context, refrain from trying to outwit AI systems or use them differently than intended!
- **Be careful with unknown providers:** Favour providers of AI platforms that are known to be trustworthy and are transparent about which data they use and how.

If possible, use an existing, concise profile of your company's most important requirements with regard to the use of AI platforms or, if necessary, work towards its creation in order to distribute it appropriately within your organisation.
