## AI as a dialogue partner (Kata 3)

In this kata, you will learn about the **development steps of AI** and learn to categorise the different terms (e.g. AI, machine learning, deep learning, LLM) in the field of artificial intelligence. You will also be able to carry out **targeted inputs using generative AI** in initial small exercises.

Read through the first sections of the basics chapter [AI and machine learning](1-2-ai-machine-learning.md). Chat-based AI systems, such as ChatGPT, are designed to interact in dialogue and work best when a conversation continues. While a single exchange can provide basic information, the strengths of AI are particularly evident in continued interaction. Through follow-up questions, clarifications and further discussion, the AI can develop a deeper understanding of the user's concerns and thus provide more relevant and precise answers. In addition, a dialogue enables the AI to better grasp the context and respond to it, which is often more difficult with a one-off query. Therefore, the conversation ("dialogue") between human and artificial intelligence is often an important key to a more effective use of AI-based chat systems.

### Task: specifically query the AI's knowledge
Have a selected chatbot (or several) explain to you how an AI chatbot actually works. 
Think about the areas in which the AI could support you. You may already find the first ideas for your own blog post or your own small learning project here. The following examples can serve as a guide:

  - Template for a speech / script
  - Structuring content for a presentation
  - Discussion guide
  - Have a concept developed
  - Brainstorming regarding a topic area

If necessary, decide on a medium (text or image) and have it generated by the AI tool/chatbot in a first attempt.

### Task: Conduct a dialogue
Take 10-15 minutes for a longer dialogue with a chat-based AI. Allow the chat to develop like a conversation by asking questions and giving feedback. If you come to a "dead end", simply ask the AI how you could continue the conversation.

**Tip:** Some AI systems such as [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com) offer a voice chat function that makes the dialogue feel more natural, almost a bit like talking to a human. Did you know that you can continue the conversation at any time and revise your request or simply restart it completely?
