## Collaboration with AI (Kata 7)

To get started with this kata, we recommend that you first take a look at the chapter *Machine vs. human learning* to gain a better understanding of the background to the **interplay between humans and machines**. Your **prompting skills** will then be expanded in direct dialogue with generative AI.

AI systems can be used in very different ways and the way in which they are used has a significant impact on the results. Studies show that knowledge workers can increase their productivity and the quality of results by collaborating with AI (see [AI makes knowledge workers faster and better (faz.net)](https://www.faz.net/pro/d-economy/kuenstliche-intelligenz/ki-macht-wissensarbeiter-schneller-und-besser-19183974.html)). However, this increase in productivity can only be utilised if AI systems are used correctly.

One observation is that beginners in particular initially use AI in a similar way to a search engine, in the sense of "input in - answer out". While this use is legitimate, there are much better ways to use AI. The first step is to explore and find out how the AI reacts differently to different inputs ("prompts").

### Task: Prompting hacks

In this kata, please follow the recommended, step-by-step prompt structure from our short guide in chapter *Create prompts*. Now consider the following questions for your blog post / learning project:

- **Persona**: What role should the language model or AI take on as an assistant (e.g. software developer:in, university professor:in, press spokesperson:in)?
- **Introduction**: What do I expect from the language model? Usually starts with an action word (e.g. Describe me, Explain to me, Create me).
- **Individual content**: The actual text to be processed.
- **Format**: If necessary, what format do I expect the output to be (e.g. code, paper, press release, infographic)?
- **Additional information**: Other relevant information that makes a context more specific (e.g. writing style, filter, history, technique, method).

The more experience you gain with the AI, the easier it is to intuitively enter suitable prompts. Remember: The best results are achieved, as already shown in [Kata 3], in interaction with the AI. Therefore, use the first response to your input to enter into a dialogue with the AI! These attempts are then deepened in the extended prompting in [Kata 9] and [Kata 10].

### Deep Dive: Creating more complex prompts

Create a more complex prompt that leads to an initial summarising (PowerPoint) presentation or a concept for the topic of your blog post or learning project via the AI. You can then further refine this in interaction with the AI and have it tested for different target groups, e.g. from a consultant's point of view for decision-makers, from a marketing point of view for a customer or from a training point of view for your learners.
