## Confident prompting part 1 (Kata 10)

In Kata 7, the **effective collaboration between humans and AI** was discussed and it was shown that the correct use of AI systems can increase productivity. You also learnt a structured approach - consisting of persona, introduction, individual content, format and additional information - to create better prompts. This kata builds on these foundations and focuses on **advanced techniques for creating prompts**.

Read the chapter [Creating prompts](1-8-prompts-create.md) first!

### Task: Prompts with multiple subtasks

The use of multi-level prompts is suitable for processing complex tasks and requests. They consist of a structured series of subtasks to achieve a specific result and are particularly useful when a single request is not sufficient to gather the required information or solve a complex problem.

**Procedure:**

1. **Goal definition** Start with a clear definition of the goal. You can use the structure described in [Kata 7], for example.
2. **Divide into subtasks** Derive smaller subtasks from the goal, each of which is geared towards a specific aspect of the overall task. Write a separate instruction for each subtask.

**Example: Creating a concept for a learning event**

Objective: To create a concept for a half-day learning event in a company in which participants learn about the application and possibilities of generative AI and try it out in practice. The event should be interactive and suitable for beginners.

Sub-tasks:

1. create a presentation title and outline for a short introduction to the basics of generative AI, including its main application areas such as text and image generation.
2. think of 3 practical exercises that the participants can use to try out the content themselves in a low-threshold way.
3. create key points for a motivating closing speech to be given by the entrepreneur's board of directors.
