## Confident prompting part 2 (Kata 11)

In this kata, we deepen the skills gained from kata 10 for confident prompting in another task. Continue to refer to the chapter *Create Prompts*!

### Task: Flipped Interaction: When the AI asks you!

The article [A Prompt Pattern Catalog to Enhance Prompt Engineering with ChatGPT](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2302.11382.pdf) offers a helpful catalog of effective prompt patterns. One of these patterns is the "flipped interaction" pattern, in which the usual interaction dynamic is reversed: Instead of the user asking questions, they ask the language model (LLM) to ask questions in order to achieve a specific goal.

**Procedure:**

1. **Goal setting**: The user defines a goal and the model asks targeted questions in response.
2. **Duration and structure**: The user defines how long the question phase should last and how many questions are asked per round.
3. **Specificity and context**: The more specific the instructions and context, the more effectively the model can gather information.

**Beispiel: KI-Wissenscheck**

Use the following prompt:

> I would like to assess and expand my knowledge in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI). Please ask me basic questions about AI topics to assess my current understanding. Focus on elementary concepts such as "generative AI", "Large Language Models" (LLMs) or "hallucinations" and avoid too difficult content. Start with simple questions and gradually increase the level of difficulty based on my answers. The aim is to find out what level my knowledge is at and which areas I should deepen.

**Tip:** You can use the "Flipped Interaction" pattern to let the AI improve your prompt. Ask the AI to ask you questions about your original prompt and give you suggestions for improvements. This helps you to recognize ambiguities in your prompt and to formulate it more precisely. Finally, you ask the AI to formulate the improved prompt for you. This not only makes your prompt more precise, but also increases the efficiency and accuracy of the AI.
